but of course that man what happens we will be today
you remember
in one of the images
the program of the assistants
in the document
if it's not like that the technician collapsed because of the one we can not now
We did not live on Tuesday when your team achieved the feat of going back to Seville
we did not have a phobic we have relieved
as if they will just take off a weight
emotionally we must under
and that's why we think it's time to remember who you are
remember
pose aligned with the shirt of madrid
the riosellanos with ten sides of the league that he now
because you were always a chosen one and always
like with 15 years in the world and that should
it's all won but now voided
he arrived is wonderful now
now
but also it was not a reality
after the war and help the people around the world
yesterday morning to the best novel script
but the joy of knowing that I'm going back to the liaison table
and always Colombia as a seal of identity
a virtue that made you shine in the world sub-20 instead of namus by
first time
that's how your first steps were those of the number one in which you have become
enjoying it because when you do it we enjoy